Support customization of link text (#287)
domoritz/leaflet-locatecontrol: README.md

## Developers

> Run the demo locally with `grunt connect` and then open [localhost:9000/demo/index.html](http://localhost:9000/demo/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the demo locally with `yarn start` or `npm run start` and then open [localhost:9000/demo/index.html](http://localhost:9000/demo/index.html).
```
